-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512

EXTREMELY IMPORTANT: If you are requesting a key signature and your current physical and/or digital (by VPN or proxy) location is NOT within Canada, The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Germany, Australia, New Zealand, or Switzerland, it is required that you encrypt all initial and continuing communication regarding key signing. Encryption is also required if you are utilizing any stationary or mobile connection that is (or has ever been) used for national civil or defence purposes, regardless of your location within or outside of the administered borders of the mentioned locations.

This message has been signed https://yosefgamble.com/signed.txt.Please verify that the signature is valid with my public key.

Disclaimer

By requesting a digital key signature from myself, you understand that open source information is a part of the investigation process required for key signing. Also, you understand that all personal, open source, and private information may be logged and stored digitally for archival purposes. I reserve the right to store collected information by all means necessary in order to protect the integrity of my communications and the Web of Trust. Any persons found to have abused encryption in order to carry out illegal activities will be reported to the proper authorities immediately.

Summary

This policy outlines the basic standards and procedures for key signing. If you are unfamiliar with key signing, please consult this article. The reasons that you would want me to sign your key is up to you. If you are interested, send an email to yosef.gamble@protonmail.com, and encrypt your message using THIS KEY ONLY. I will always take the proper steps to ensure that your message is not intercepted.

Continue below to learn the different identity certifications. For people that I know, I will usually sign your key in person. If I do not know you, you must satisfy the requirements for a casual or positive certification. Your ability to satisfy an approved certification level does not guarantee that your key will be signed.

Specifications for approval may vary on a case by case basis. Keybase.io is not a substitute for this verification process.


Certification Levels

0 (ZE-ro) – Generic Certification

1 (Wun) – Persona Certification

2 (Too) – Casual Certification

3 (Three) – Positive Certification


Generic Certification

No or very little knowledge of identity. This certification does not pass the minimum set of specifications for key signing.


Persona Certification

Weak knowledge of identity and limited personal details such as residency and limited knowledge of associates. This certification does not pass the minimum set of specifications for key signing.


Casual Certification

Intermediate knowledge of identity through monetary exchange, personal acquaintance, or referral.

I will sign your key if we meet in person and exchange government-issued identification and key fingerprints if we don't know each other.
I will sign your key using live video conferencing using uTox and sharing government issued identification. My Tox ID is 6D94A0F6BA34F47B5720CF039DF454623DB47322F79F2E90A0E63B72D95E053D4AA158F110A6. I am not interested in using centralized chat protocols, such as Ekiga, Jitsi, Skype, Google Hangouts, Facetime, etc.

I will sign your key if we cannot meet in person but someone I ultimately trust notifies me that you want a signature, and gives me your key ID verbally or in person.

I will sign your key without meeting in person and without exchanging identification and key fingerprints if I know you very well personally (such as working with you, attending uni with you, family, etc.)

Positive Certification

Strong knowledge of identity and confident about all presented documents and details of key signature requestor.

Positive Certification Method:

Present a colour copy of your passport or driver’s licence:

Make a colour scan of your government issued ID card, passport, or driver's license.
On the colour scan, handwrite your email address and your key id.
Compose an email with the resulting document, and digitally sign it with your key.
Send the email to: yosef.gamble@protonmail.com, and encrypt using THIS KEY ONLY.
Copies of verified government documents will be destroyed once the investigation is complete. In order to mitigate identity fraud by a third party, you may black out your social security number, passport number, and/or driver’s licence number. Because we aren’t meeting face-to-face, the photo isn’t necessary, but it will help expedite the process to verify your identity. I’ll remain in contact with you if too much information is removed from government issued identification, or if your scan is unclear. Please encrypt your email and scans to ensure that I am the only person who sees your information. All unencrypted copies of information will be destroyed.

I currently do not support PayPal verification.

Inspired by Aaron Toponce.

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: Cyph
Comment: https://www.cyph.com
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=pyAO
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
